[CNVM] Adds notes about CNVM architecture support (#5340)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cloud-native-security/vuln-management-faq.asciidoc

CNVM uses the open source scanner https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy[Trivy] v0.35.

*What system architectures are supported?*

> Because of Trivy's limitations, CNVM works only on ARM. Other architectures are not supported.

Reviewer: Clarifying with engineering on https://github.com/elastic/cloudbeat/issues/731#issuecomment-2181156246
I think we need to be clear its about the CNVM agent running on ARM based image and not about scanning only ARM based images.

> Because of Trivy's limitations, CNVM works only on ARM. Other architectures are not supported.

Author: ```suggestion
Because of Trivy's limitations, CNVM can only be deployed on ARM-based VMs. However, it can scan hosts regardless of system architecture.
```
